[Workers] examples revision (#3314)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/examples/signing-requests.md

async function verifyAndFetch(request) {
  const url = new URL(request.url)

  // If the path does not begin with our protected prefix, pass the request

>   // through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<ContentColumn>

## Generating signed requests

> Signed requests are usually delivered to the user in some out-of-band way, such as email or are generated by the user themselves if they possess the symmetric key. You can also generate signed requests from within a Worker.

Author: Need clarification what 'out-of-band' means

Reviewer: I think should be removed. Don't think it's on us (esp here) to explain what signed requests are – and if we did, it wouldn't be done justice in less than a full paragraph

> Signed requests are usually delivered to the user in some out-of-band way, such as email or are generated by the user themselves if they possess the symmetric key. You can also generate signed requests from within a Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate signed requests from within a Worker using the [Web Crypto APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Crypto/subtle).
```
